README.md, before:

# Face the Music
> What are you in the mood for today?

A Node/Express app that uses emotion data to find the user a suitable playlist for their current mood.

I decided to embark on a project that I felt that I could continue working on in the future. It uses new technologies that are becoming more popular in facial recognition, as seen extensively in apps like Snapchat.

## Features

Browse Spotify for a suitable playlist when inputting a mood. It will randomly select a suitable playlist and open it in the system browser, allowing the user to log into Spotify if they so wish.

Currently finding suitable playlists with predefined keywords. 

#### Future Features

* Implement Azure Face API where user can submit selfie to scan current emotions as the input
* Use Spotify Embedded Widgets if user does not want to leave app
* Offer a text emotion search to search for moods outside of those offered by Face API (eg: romantic, sleepy, curious(new releases), etc)
* Create a Mobile App UI using React Native
* Browse various Spotify Categories, not just the Mood Category
* Add support for Apple Music
* List results of playlist for inputted mood to allow user to make a selection vs the current randomization

## Installation

  ```bash
  $ yarn install
  ```
  
## Usage

  ```bash
  $ yarn start
  Server running at http://localhost:3000
  ```

## Licensing

The code in this project is licensed under the GNU AGPLv3 license.

Commit message:

Update README.md to include configuration info

README.md, after:

# Face the Music
> What are you in the mood for today?

A Node/Express app that uses emotion data to find the user a suitable playlist for their current mood.

I decided to embark on a project that I felt that I could continue working on in the future. It uses new technologies that are becoming more popular in facial recognition, as seen extensively in apps like Snapchat.

## Features

Browse Spotify for a suitable playlist when inputting a mood. It will randomly select a suitable playlist and open it in the system browser, allowing the user to log into Spotify if they so wish.

Currently finding suitable playlists with predefined keywords. 

#### Future Features

* Implement Azure Face API where user can submit selfie to scan current emotions as the input
* Use Spotify Embedded Widgets if user does not want to leave app
* Offer a text emotion search to search for moods outside of those offered by Face API (eg: romantic, sleepy, curious(new releases), etc)
* Create a Mobile App UI using React Native
* Browse various Spotify Categories, not just the Mood Category
* Add support for Apple Music
* List results of playlist for inputted mood to allow user to make a selection vs the current randomization

## Installation

  ```bash
  $ yarn install
  ```
  
## Configuration

Create a .env file for the Spotify API credentials for testing on your local. They can be created/retrieved from the [Spotify Developer Dashboard](https://developer.spotify.com/dashboard/). 

The format that this app looks for is:
  ```
  CLIENT_ID=<Your client id>
  CLIENT_SECRET=<Your client secret>
  ```
  
## Usage

  ```bash
  $ yarn start
  Server running at http://localhost:3000
  ```

## Licensing

The code in this project is licensed under the GNU AGPLv3 license.
